    2023-10-07
    THIS LIVING REMINDER

Dilemma, confusion, This misleading intuition
Is the similarity real or is this a delusion
Angel eyes, hair, the convergence of height
Pretty nails, which to touch, are a delight

A plump abdomen really sweet to huggggggg
though i wont do that or my grave will be duggggggg
The one thing amiss is that sweetsie sound
A bliss to the ears which spins my head around

Almost all that what i still craved
Set the sirens blaring, I need to be saved
Hope her hands dont fit like hers did 
Hope something happens that makes her mid


    2023-10-27
    I GUESS THIS PERSON DOES MEAN ENOUGH TO ME TO WRITE STH

This sensation, What could be this feeling in my heart?
These butterflies in my stomach, were they there from the start?
My throat goes completely numb, my brain just splits apart
Can't convey, can't commit, it eats me up like a tart

Can't converse, can't confide, helpless as a mute
It's a hapless situation, you just cannot refute
Thats not the only qualm, cuz even though she's cute
If the seed did grow, it might not bear a fruit

Is it cause i miss her, or the feeling's anew
Or tis a fling to fly away, i wish i knew
Too many variables, the gammas, the mu
The uncertainity, of what would ensue

Trying hard not to fight myself for this
Avoiding the pain after the ephimeral bliss
Night full of stars that ends in a kiss
Is not worth it unless she will be your miss

Still, i crave that closeness with her
Having someone to love, cherish, fonder
Know i shouldnt, but my heart does ponder
Any way, is there, to be together forever?


    Oka. this is going to be a huge project, but a confession in a tiered acrostic (this is gonna be hard asf, but worth it if i gain a friend for life)!
    start: 2023-10-28
    end:   2023-10-31

    Inamorata!!

Inamorata!!

Look Utterly Cute ,I Dream Loving You
Obsessed, Fighting For Eschewing Rue
Venting Out Wholehearted Sentiments
Eventually, The Envelop Rises, Nullifying All Laments

You're Eloquent, A Really Nosy, Indomitable, Noteworthy Girl 
One Cherishes Ecstacy, A Newfound Swirl
Unseen Nature Showed Extremely Enigmatic Nirvana


    this odd one out 

These cutesie eyes, this cutesie pink
This sweetsie smile, makes my heart sink
just like your earphones, our hearts have a link
just like your specs, our faces twink

sweeter than the icecream you hold
sweeter than Polar's chocolate road
these bulging blithely like a toad
your cheeks express our love so bold

hair unkempt, but still a beauty
a toddler toddling at pattanagere
bugged your robot into sayin EEEE
with this pic that screams "WE"

    2023-11-16

this broken, shattered, crushed heart
once belonged to a boy who wouldnt depart
from his dream about a girl so cute
angels themselves wouldnt refute

Their bond was unbreakable, he wasnt ever distraught
didnt think he would have to say, "or so i thought"
Their love was pure and telepathy unmatched
they were repeatedly severed, and kept getting patched

He wanted her, and no one else he longed
made sure, that one person, he never wronged
but fate had something else in store
a dickhead barged and casually stole

is the legend of love that superficial
so weak you doubt it was artificial
a simple action taints your mind
and you screw a pact never signed

"roaming hands around one another"
thrusting the knife in his heart further
if he found this boy on the loose
he would meet his end on the noose

there's no pain, there's will to die
A will to perish without a cry
The utter trust decimated
that mendacity deracinated

these 7 stanzas speak his pain
those hugs and kisses in the rain
those bugs and misses bygone
now he'd rather be alone

    start: 2023-11-14
    end:

prospering makes you alone
people change over time
winter, spring, summer, autumn, winter

The snow clad plains, the grayscale view
a spell of chlorine, no color or hue
the cold hatred, the freezing eyes
of people sick of his inept lies

It rains and hails, he tries and fails
both skill and luck, like heads and tails
against his fate, every day and date
misfit's manifesto, drive out this hate

he might be dull, he might be dumb
even with the frost, the pain wont numb
but to this plight, he wont succumb
he will reform, rise from the scum 


    start: 2024-01-22

my feelings for you are religious,
to kill them is sacrilegious,
love is'nt something so jejune,
that a simple reprog can prune,
it is'nt my style to do blank verses,
my heart rhymes even in bits and pieces.

today, the eyes that dilated for you,
did let a lil bit of water through,
even phone calls are like a spell cast,
God knows what i could to to make us last,
pardon, but the scar of affection seldom heals,
I'll keep talking to you through these short spiels.

Please go fly and find more love,
find someone who can be your dove,
but don't give yourself to pure lust,
you dont belong with some tramps in the dust,
having vented, I'll conclude this 6 line rhyme,
I'll live with a heart that is'nt half mine.


    Don't even ask me why
    start: 2024-02-08

Hey!
Ms. Bindra, Happy 19th birthday
an occasion on a random wednesday
let us count down to portray
all the reasons to dance the day away

Ten!
I see a Leo, a lioness in her den 
with a face as expressive as this pen 
expected of a fire sign to hold the adrenaline
and the fire to turn one to 'n'

Nine!
lets keep continuing this rhyme
its trivial to keep any poem a dime
Paradise indeed Lost, makes me whine
poem no rhyme, is gold no shine

Eight!
there is no Rakshit to make you wait
plus you're at home, so you cannot be late
maybe check out books throughout the state
maybe pizzas we love or softies we dont hate

Seven!
the shlope that could be a heaven
where we threw the plane for 9-11
slowly witnessed the friendship deepen
to the point the poet picked the pen

Six!


Five!

Four!
top floor

Three!
spree(shopping)

Two!

One!

Now, Ms. Leo, dont just act like a Cancer
dont bury me in the silence of the answer


    DDG
    start : 2024-02-13

Happy birthday Titli ddg 
stay happy, buzzing as a bee 
fearless, a skydive
and the best sister just turned 35
